- Previously on
"The Challenge"...
[dramatic music]
- Oh, my God, it's TJ!
♪ ♪
- Oh, my God!
- Right now I'm looking at two
very solid groups, the veterans
and the prospects.
There's 16 veterans,
18 prospects,
which means two of you are not
gonna be moving on today.
Here on "The Challenge,"
every position is earned,
especially when you're going
for a million dollars.
- Ah, yeah!
[air horn blares]
- Go, go, go, go!
- You're good.
- [screams]
- Tonight is where your first
major decision
is gonna be made.
Before we pick teams,
Alan,
unfortunately, you got hurt
at the first challenge.
The doctor says
you cannot compete.
I'm sorry, man.
This season, the prospects
are gonna be picking the teams.
- Whoa!
- We're gonna be putting
you guys
into guy-girl pairs...
- I was seriously gonna
pick you, so we're good to go.
- You guys aren't gonna be
battling each other.
Instead, you're gonna
be battling together.
- Okay. Let's win some money.
- Yeah. Let's do it.
- So, Amanda, unfortunately
for you,
there are no prospects,
so you're stuck
with the last-place guy.
Come on out, Josh.
- That's good.
- I have a second chance
at a million.
- [laughs]
[horn honking]
- Whoo!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[indistinct shouting]
all: Ahh!
♪ ♪
- ♪ Oh ohh oh ohh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪
- ♪ Young working man ♪
- Honey, I'm home!
all: Ahh!
- ♪ We gonna make it
till morning ♪
- I'm just happy to be back.
I know what it feels like
to go home, and trust me,
if anybody's fired up
and ready to play, it's me,
'cause I never want
to go through that again.
- What's up, bro?
Good to see you.
- Hi, Cara. I'm Josh.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- Oh, you're with my
arch-nemesis.
Amanda is an awful, horrible,
hateful,
miserable
little troll of a human.
Last season,
Amanda was berating me
and telling me she wanted
my horse to die,
and I don't want to be friends
with someone like that.
- She seems nice.
She doesn't seem that bad.
- Satan.
- Amanda has a lot of enemies
in the house, and it puts me
in a [bleep]-up situation,
because she's the only way
I'm gonna get to the money,
so I have to make it work.
I need to contain this energy.
This is awesome.
- Like, I just feel like me and
you work together really well.
- We do.
- Yeah, but it's different.
We got along [bleep],
and we won.
Me and you are gonna
get along great.
- Ashley, she's just stolen
500 grand off of Hunter.
I genuinely think what makes me
different from anyone else here
is I'm kind,
I've got a big heart,
and I really won't [bleep]
people over
just to get the ney.ot
gonna lie to you.
My political game
is not very good.
The way I get far into the game
is, I fly under the radar.
The person that's gonna do all
the politicking for me is Wes.
- Okay.
- That's what he's a master at.
I kind of had, like,
an agreement with Wes
that I was gonna work
with him this season.
I absolutely appreciate
having Wes on my side,
because he's great with
the political game and I'm not.
- I knew I needed
some young blood on my side,
so I reached out to Hunter,
and we had a good conversation,
and we are completely
tied together at the hip.
This is my man.
♪ ♪
- Well, just as long as
we're both on the same page,
that we're both here to win
and to compete,
like, that's all I care about,
honestly.
You're good at puzzles?
- Yep.
- Okay.
- I will do my best.
- You can run?
- I can run.
- You can swim?
- I can swim. I'm strong.
I never give up,
even if I broke my bone.
- I don't really know
a lot about Turbo.
What I do know is that
he's a strong competitor.
He's won two seasons
of "Survivor."
I have somebody
that wants to win,
and I feel very blessed.
I'm here for the money.
This is my seventh season.
I want to win.
- She's saying to me,
"Turbo, you're best partner
ever I have."
I hope she's not liar.
So this is what I want.
I want my partner
also want to win so much.
She want this money.
I want this money.
It's okay. Everything is cool.
- ♪ I put my life on the line ♪
♪ I know that blood's on my
side ♪
♪ I put my life on the line ♪
♪ I know that this is do or
die ♪
♪ I put my life on the line ♪
♪ I know that this is do or
die ♪
- We're in the middle
of nowhere.
There's tons of cars.
There's a monster truck,
which is sick...
[engine revving]
And I don't know
what we're doing today,
but hopefully I can
run these bitches over.
- ♪ I know that this is do or
die ♪
- Welcome, everybody.
This is your first challenge
with your newfound allies.
- All right.
- Whoo!
[applause]
- Today's challenge is called
"Arms-a-Geddon Tired."
[laughter]
- Oh, come on.
"Arms-a-Geddon Tired."
- ♪ Wah-wah-wah ♪
- Corny.
- As you can see,
there are 16 cars lined up,
and there's a rope
going all the way through them.
Those ropes are 400 feet long.
You and your opponent
are gonna start on
opposite ends of that rope.
And when I say go,
you're gonna pull that
rope as hard as you can,
but at some point,
it's gonna become tug-of-war.
You've got to pace yourself,
because this challenge
is five minutes long.
- There's 400 feet of that
[bleep] rope,
and the challenge
is gonna last for five minutes.
[bleep] I'm strong,
but I don't know how long
these guns can last for.
Real talk.
- Then, after five minutes,
me and my friend Tiny
over there are gonna
crush the cars,
and when we run the cars over,
the game is over.
You're gonna have
to drop the rope,
and we're gonna measure
the length of the rope
that you've pulled.
Then we're gonna add
your length with your allies,
and that'll become
your team length.
The team that has
the most rope added together
will win today's challenge,
but here's the catch:
you want to get
in the top three,
because the top three
are gonna form
what's known as the tribunal.
- Mm.
- Ooh.
- The tribunal...
- Whoo!
- Will be safe
from elimination,
and also take control
of the game.
Now, one more thing:
veterans, I told you guys
you were gonna be ranked.
- Aw.
- Today, you guys are gonna be
picking your opponents
by how well you did
in that first challenge.
So the person that did the best
last challenge was Paulie,
so, Paulie, who's it gonna be?
- Me and Natalie here, we're
gonna go against Kyle and Nany.
- Da'Vonne, you were
second best.
Who are you gonna go against?
- Jenna and Gus, only because
we're pretty much
the same height, same weight.
It's a pretty even match.
- All right, Bananas.
- America's favorite ginger,
Wes Bergmann and me.
- What? Let's go!
- Oh!
- Okay. Okay. Okay.
- That was dumb.
- Yeah.
- So dumb.
- Kam?
- Ashley and Chase.
- Okay, so CT and Julia.
- We're gonna pick JP
and Natalie.
- Well, Amanda and Josh,
no bad blood,
but we're going against you.
- Respect.
- Cool.
- Zach and Zahida.
- Leroy and Shaleen.
- Which means Hunter
and Georgia
are gonna be going
against Theo and Cara Maria.
Guys, do whatever it takes
to get in that top three,
all right?
Get it done. Good luck.
- Whoo, whoo!
[applause]
- We're out here in the middle
of nowhere
for one thing and one thing
only: all-out war.
Kyle's the only person
I got war with in this game.
I know he's gonna gas out here,
and I know that we're gonna
have the advantage, sabotage.
- I mean, if I win,
I want to win against the best,
and they tough, so let's go.
- They are the best team. Yeah.
They are.
- Bull.
- I'll say that, apart from us.
If we do win, we're gonna have
a naked group hug
in the shower.
- I have full confidence
in my ally.
I think this rivalry
between him and Wes
is gonna light
a little fire under your ass.
- Wes and my rivalry
is more famous
and more well known than
the Capulets and the Montagues,
except Wes was kind of
like the ugly child
that was banished
from one of the families.
- I love being called out
by Bananas.
He's got blinders
on when it comes to me.
He hasn't, like, stopped
and paid attention and realized
that I'm substantially stronger
and substantially better cardio
than him,
and I don't think that he's
checked out my partner's quads.
- Quad squad right here.
- The quad squad.
ght,         - Yeah.
- Yeah, Kyle. Yes, yes, yes.
- I've got a bigger reach
than him,
I'm stronger than him,
and I'm gonna beat him at this.
Hopefully, Mattie can get it
done on her side as well.
♪ ♪
- Good job, Jenna.
You're so cute.
♪ ♪
- Hold it.
- Kyle, keep holding it.
- Nice, Kyle. Smart.
- This is a very
personal tug-of-war,
and I personally am excited
to watch two boys
fight over me.
Carry on, gentlemen.
- Use those legs, K-dog.
- [grunts]
- [grunting]
-[bleep] you, Wes,
you piece of [bleep]!
I just want to beat Wes,
all right?
I took a very big risk
by calling him out,
and this is really gonna set
the tone,
I think, for the next few days.
- Hang on, Wes.
- [grunting]
- Pull. Pull, [inaudible].
♪ ♪
- Being partnered with Bananas,
like,
this is a "Challenge" legend.
Like, I don't want to be
the screw-up partner
who doesn't do good,
so where's the monster truck?
It's not coming. My arms have
turned into complete noodles.
[engine revving]
- This is sick. This is sick.
This is sick.
♪ ♪
- Awesome!
[engine revving]
- This is sick, this is sick,
this is sick.
♪ ♪
- Whoo!
- Awesome.
♪ ♪
- All right, guys. You ready?
Go.
♪ ♪
- I feel like in the house,
I'm looked at
as the weakest guy
because I couldn't finish
a six-piece puzzle.
It's a shot at my ego.
I'm so fired up that whoever's
on the other side--I don't care
if it's Turbo with ten
other Turbos--
I'm gunning for the win.
♪ ♪
- Come on, Amanda.
Let your inner
demon be released.
♪ ♪
There you go.
- Hold it, Josh.
Don't you move.
Hold it, Josh! Hold it!
- Ahh! Ahh!
- I'm hearing this Hunter guy
is an absolute beast
[engine revving]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
- Okay, guys. Great challenge.
Nice work.
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
- Monster of a challenge!
- There were three teams
that were above the rest,
and those three teams
are gonna form the tribunal.
So those teams are...
[tense music]
Cara Maria and Theo...
[cheers and applause]
- Bananas and Morgan.
- Whew.
- I lost to Bananas.
Oh, God, that feels so bad
to even say.
I do not want to see Bananas
in the tribunal.
I never want to see Bananas
in a position of power.
Oh, that just makes my
skin crawl thinking about it.
- Wes' self-esteem right now
is at an all-time low,
which is saying a lot,
uss looks in the mirror,
it's a blow to his self-esteem.
- And the third team
in the tribunal
is Josh and Amanda.
[cheers and applause]
- Amanda just proved to me
with this first challenge
that that little girl
has a lot of fight in her,
and that's all I need.
- Best partner.
- Good job, bro.
- Oh, man. Thank you.
- So now, you three teams
are gonna go home,
you're gonna deliberate
and decide three teams
for possible elimination.
- Three teams?
- Ultimately, you choose
one team
to send into the elimination.
Got it?
- Yep.
- All right.
See you guys later.
Good job.
- Whoo!
It feels good
to actually be safe,
but it's gonna be a nightmare
being in the tribunal
with Cara and Bananas.
I think they're two
awful people,
and I think my friends
are gonna be in jeopardy,
because they will do anything
to get us out.
♪ ♪
- This isn't awkward.
- No, not at all.
- Does anyone here have people
that
they absolutely cannot save?
- Yes.
- Who?
- I will not save Ashley.
- Protecting her again!
- Dude...
- And I don't want to save
Hunter either.
- The two names
that she just said,
we'll put those two names
on the table.
Then they're gonna have
to pick a third name.
- That's fair.
- Okay.
- Wait, wait, wait.
Can we talk about it? Hold on.
- Yeah, I like that.
No, no, no. I like that.
- You're up.
- You're being a bitch,
basically.
- I will say--
- Ooh!
- Listen. Let me just
say something.
- This is our pick.
Ashley just won
a million dollars last--
- Yeah. Why are you gonna
call them names?
- She stole a million dollars
last season.
- Can I say something?
- She's obviously a competitor.
- Even though this girl as used
you multiple seasons
as the [bleep]--as a patsy,
you're still gonna save her.
Even though this guy said
he's gonna go after you...
- That's the point
I wanted to prove.
- Come hell or high water...
- But if I save her...
- You're still saving
this person.
- I can't save her.
- Yeah.
- They're friends, dude.
- You're a dope.
- They're friends.
- Or--what am I supposed to do?
Align with you guys?
That'd be [bleep] smart. Duh.
- I want to see where your
head's at,
so now it's your turn.
- [bleep].
- Wait, wait.
I don't even know who to pick.
- We'll just make it easy.
- So it doesn't matter.
Zachary said
he was coming for me...
- No, he didn't.
- And you guys are gonna say
you're gonna save him, so it
doesn't really [bleep] matter.
- So Zach it is, then.
That's where we're going.
- So these are our two.
- All right. Good job, team.
- Eat [bleep].
- Good job, team.
- [inaudible].
- Spawns of Satan first.
Evil before beauty.
- Oh, [bleep].
- Uh-oh.
- Let's go.
- Oh, my goodness me.
- [bleep] [inaudible]?
- Yeah.
Just hope you're not on there.
- It's missing me and Chase.
- And me.
- So mine and Zach's name
is not on the wall.
This means
we've been nominated.
Zach and Amanda's drama
is gonna affect my game also,
and I can't help but feel
a little bit pissed off.
- The three missing are
the three that are up.
- I mean, I don't think Amanda
and Josh are stupid,
and I don't think they're gonna
make any other enemies
than they already have,
so I'm not surprised Amanda
votes for Zahida and Zach.
I knew that was coming.
- I just had half a million
dollars taken from me,
and now I could potentially
be going
into the first elimination?
Like, it's a lot
for me to handle.
- Wow.
- No, no, no, yeah.
- I know Bananas very well,
and Bananas is a pussy.
He is not going to want
to fight with me
at the beginning of this game.
He's gonna want to wait
until he has more numbers
and let those numbers
do the fighting for him.
- Now listen. Listen. Listen.
Listen. Listen. For real.
Other side,
this looks good now,
but only one of them
are actually going in.
We don't know what's gonna
happen with the other two...
- Yeah.
- Or the rest of us. So...
- Or the rest of us.
- Don't sleep too tight
tonight,
but you can get [bleep] up.
- There's still got to be
another team
to go against them,
and we don't know
where that team's
gonna come from.
Maybe a team that gets thrown
in gets to pick someone
to go in against them,
and who knows?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, well,
this isn't intimidating.
- Welcome.
- Is this where I admit
all my sins?
We're gonna be here
a long time.
- Why do you think
you should stay?
- I think there's bigger people
in this frickin' game to fry.
Y'all know that.
- Who are the bigger fish?
- Honestly, Hunter and Georgia
are pretty big fish,
because they can run.
Do you want to be
against [bleep] Hunter,
who's a meathead, just the best
at eating and any--
- Or do we want to go
against the girl...
- [inaudible].
- That's won two out of three
challenges she tried?
- Essentially, we came for
each other last season,
but I think you know that I'm
not here with the same people
that I was here
with last season.
I'm here with her now,
and it's entirely different.
It's an entirely
different season.
- That's not how it works,
though, Hunter.
You know that, man. Come on.
- I'm--
- [bleep] follows you, man,
season to season.
You remember when, last season,
when you and your boys
cornered me
in the [bleep] bedroom
and followed me around
and tortured me
the entire season?
- [inaudible]--
- Did you not think--
- Or was I trying to break
it up? And you know I did.
- You are who you
hang out with.
- You don't know
how this game works.
- Well, you're
in trouble, Zach.
What do you have to say
for yourself, young man?
- I'm gonna let my partner
take the lead on this one.
- Out of the other
two teams, Zahida,
which way do you think
we should go?
- It's obvious to me I would
pick Ashley, Zoe, Amanda,
'cause Ashley
has a lot of issues
with people in the house,
and I know you have
your issues with Hunter,
but, like,
it's Georgia's first week,
and, like, that's
who me best friend is in here.
- Zach, do you concur?
- Whatever she says.
- Ooh.
- Wow.
- Ooh, whipped, I see.
- Zach turned into a bitch.
- [inaudible] Zach.
- Matches the shirt.
- I think Amanda's just jealous
that Zach is letting his
female partner take the reins.
- We'll see how long
that lasts.
When it comes to voting,
we'll see where it goes.
- I know how evil
and nasty Amanda is,
and all she's trying to do
is to get a rise out of me,
and I'm just gonna sit there,
I'm gonna smile, and I'm gonna
walk away from it.
- Okay.
- All right. See you.
- [laughs]
- Court is adjourned.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- We're not in a good
position.
We're just in
as good of a position
as we can be going
to sleep tonight.
- Yeah.
- I mean...
- Even though Ashley
took money from me,
it's all about going after
Johnny at this point for me,
and I can't let my emotion
get in the way with that.
- My strategy for staying safe
is always to politic.
I did not know
Hunter before this,
but an enemy of my enemy
is my friend.
- The better thing
for the grand scheme of things
is to obviously...
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
- To send in Leroy.
- Strike when it matters.
Bananas, I can't come for you,
so if I'm going into
that elimination,
I'm gonna try to do
the one thing
that's gonna hurt you the most,
and that's take out
your best friend.
It's nothing personal against
Leroy--I think Leroy's a great
competitor--but simply because
you're teamed up with Johnny,
you got to know
it could be coming.
Well, time will tell.
Tomorrow's gonna be crazy.
- It will.
- It's gonna be fireworks.
- I am standing there
at the door
listening to all of this,
so Hunter, you [bleep] bitch.
His beef is with Ashley way
more than it is with Bananas,
but you want to vote me in,
but this chick
took money from you?
You a clown. So you could try
if you want, but good luck.
♪ ♪
- I knew,
partnering with Johnny,
what people would say.
- But it's not just that.
At this point, I feel like
you're being Bananas' shadow.
And that's why I had problems
with you--because I was like,
"She acts like she knows
what the [bleep]'s going on,
and she doesn't.
You acted like,
"Oh, I picked Ashley
and Hunter for a reason."
- And my reasons as to why
picking her
and Hunter--obviously,
I know Hunter's gonna gun
for Bananas.
That obviously makes sense.
- But you have a thousand
other people to vote for.
It's making you look
like a [bleep] shadow,
and that's why I was like,
"Who has the power
in your guys' team?"
I hate followers.
There's nothing worse
than a follower. Be a leader.
- The devil's out there
possessing my partner, Cara.
Give me your shirt.
- But it's like...
- Where's that at?
When Amanda's really on one,
there are no forces
to counteract her evil spirit,
so tonight, I'm going to try
and perform an exorcism
and rid this house of the
evil spirit that is Amanda.
- It just--it...
- [laughs] Damn it.
- Not today, Satan!
Not today, Satan!
- You would put on that [bleep]
idiot's [bleep] shirt.
I know. I know already.
- Hallowed be thy name.
- Thy kingdom come,
thy will be done...
- And lead us not
into temptation
but deliver us from evil.
Holy water! Everybody,
I'm gonna bless you all.
- That feels good.
Keep doing that.
- Don't fight.
Just talk it out.
- Hunter beat you last ssonse.
- Enough.
Let him [bleep] stand there.
Who cares? Go to bed.
Enough!
- Call it how you want it.
- Enough. Enough.
- I've never seen a more
pathetic excuse
to go to a final...
- Oh, yeah, and all your
wins are group wins.
- In my life. In my life!
- How many individual wins do
you have?
- Hunter. Hunter.
- How many individual?
- You can tell yourself...
- Back in the day,
it was team wins.
How many times [inaudible]?
- You've won nothing, bro.
You've won nothing.
- How many times have you
finished ahead of me
since I've been here?
- You've won nothing.
- We'll find out.
- And you're gonna lose again.
- Okay, God.
Pull out your crystal ball.
- There's no need to be formal.
You don't have to call me God.
- Since I've been on.
- You can call me Bananas.
It's all good.
- I'm seeing arguments
and little tit for tat
about [bleep]
that's happened 17 seasons ago.
"Oh, mate, you should have seen
what happened 54 seasons ago."
No, mate. Get over it.
- You're gonna vote
for him regardless.
- And everybody knows that.
- It doesn't matter.
- Amanda...
You said you're voting
for him regardless.
- You know what? You know what?
You know what?
This is annoying.
- What are you doing?
Hunter, wait a minute.
What are you doing?
Wait, wait, wait.
Hunter. Time-out. No, no.
Everybody all hype.
No. This has to be said.
She took money from you.
She took 500,000,
and you're arguing with him?
But you arguing with him.
- [inaudible].
- It doesn't--Hunter, Hunter...
[all shouting]
- Preach.
- I'm talking to you.
I'm talking to you.
- No, Hunter, Hunter.
- [bleep].
- I'm talking to you.
[all shouting]
Don't nobody touch me.
- Hunter
- Shut the [bleep] up.
[glass shattering]
- Yo, Hunter.
- Hunter is absolutely kicking
off with everyone.
It's like they're fighting
for lifeboats on the "Titanic."
What have I got myself into?
- [inaudible].
- You the puppet
master behind everything.
We ain't stupid.
- I think Leroy wants people
to put a little bit
more respect on his name,
and he does not want to be
considered as the layup team.
[applause]
- I don't give a [bleep]
about going in no more.
You ready?
- I'm [bleep] ready.
- Let's go.
- I had your back. You!
- Just let me do it
how I want to.
- Let me do it how I want to.
- Let me do it
how I want to do it.
- Whatever, Hunter.
I'm sticking up for you
at the end of the day,
and you'll see it
when I go in here
and I [bleep] argue with
everybody by my [bleep] self.
- Hold up. Hold up.
- Hey.
Are you cool
with just going to bed?
- I'm not even coming for you.
- I'm not even coming
for you.
- Who? Cara?
Jenna decides to come
in my ear--mistake.
When you put yourself in
the position to argue with me,
be ready for the bullets
to be coming 100 miles an hour.
I never [bleep] talked
[bleep] about none of y'all
until until you just
came after me just now.
- Yes, you did.
Well, why don't you say
why we're all here?
Zach and Amanda did not
get along last season.
Right now she hates Zach,
she hates me,
so that's a common enemy,
so they can just go after us
and not care.
- You're the liar.
- [bleep].
- Oh, hey, yeah, okay,
'cause you were
in his hotel room?
- Yes. He showed me
and Da'Vonne. Ask Da'Vonne.
- I don't give a damn
about nobody else.
I take my ass right back
into my room,
and I mind my damn business.
- Jenna deserves all the love
in the world
that she gives
to everybody else,
and it really, like, breaks
my heart, her being my friend,
and just seeing her
in the situation that she's in.
- I'm so done
with that [bleep].
No, you would.
- I'm agreeing with you.
Was there a dating app
on my phone?
Yes. Did I download it again
in Africa to see if it worked?
Yes. Did I ever swipe right?
No. Amanda is taking
the smallest piece of truth
and turning it into something
to ruin my relationship
and my game.
- You know how stupid
this all is, right?
- Yeah.
- And it all could have been
avoided if you just didn't
do that, right?
And now there's gonna be
more trust issues.
- Mm-hmm. Are we together?
Yes or no?
- That's really how you're
gonna leave the room?
- Yes, because
this is ridiculous.
[inaudible] so stupid.
- All right. I'm going home.
- Okay.
Can you stop?
- Just let me have
some alone time.
- You're being ridiculous.
- Jenna, we're done.
- You do stupid [bleep], and
then I'm supposed to apologize.
- I said I was sorry,
and I hugged you,
but you're just
following me around now,
and you're just badgering me,
and this isn't healthy
for either of us,
and okay, yeah...
- Because I keep finding
out more stuff.
- Get me out of here.
Get me out of this living hell
of a situation. I want out.
- But this is what happens
when you literally shut me
out every time.
- I need some--I need security.
I need--
- Are you serious?
- Yes. You need to stop.
You need to please
just walk away.
You can't be--we need
to be separated now.
- No.
- Yes.
- No, 'cause you need
to talk, like a human.
- We're done anyways,
regardless.
After this behavior,
we're done.
- So then that's it?
- Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
- We're done anyways,
regardless.
- We'rAfter this behavior,
we're done.
- So then that's it?
- Mm-hmm. That's it.
- Really?
- You want to have
this conversation right now?
Yeah. I am done with this.
I'm not putting up with this,
'cause I didn't--like,
the whole situation
is blown way out of proportion.
We should be bigger than this.
We should be able
to rise above this,
especially knowing the source.
- Do you realize the person
that I hate constantly
gets to embarrass me?
Do you get that?
- I didn't cheat on you.
I would never cheat on you.
I'm not wired like that.
I'm not cut from that cloth.
And that's
the honest-to-God truth.
If you can't take that, then
you have to make a decision.
That's all I said, and I said
[inaudible].
- I don't want to break up
with you.
I'm just stressed out,
so I'm sorry.
I don't care what anybody says
or what rumors
or anything spread.
We're a strong couple.
I'm gonna ignore it.
I want you to stay.
If it was harmless,
then I trust him 100%.
- Just calm down.
Want to sit down?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Sweet dreams are made of
this ♪
♪ Who am I to disagree ♪
♪ I travel the world
and the seven seas ♪
♪ Everybody's looking for
something ♪
♪ Some of them want
to use you ♪
[applause]
♪ ♪
- What up, Teej?
- Looking good, guys.
How you guys doing?
- Better now.
- Good.
- All right. Well, this is
the killing floor.
- I am super psyched
seeing the killing floor
for the first time.
This place is epic.
Everything's kind of rusty
and grungy,
and it really gets the fighter
spirit coming out of me.
- This is where all
the elimination rounds
are gonna be going down
this season
of "The Challenge:
War of the Worlds."
[cheers and applause]
- Somebody's going home,
for real, all right?
So without further ado,
the tribunal,
I said for you guys
to nominate three teams
for possible elimination,
so now, it's time for you
to choose one.
We're gonna have a vote,
and although you guys
are new allies,
you guys are
gonna vote individually.
- Wow.
- And everyone's vote counts.
So we're gonna start
with you, Amanda.
- Oh!
- Which team are you sending in
to the killing floor?
- I'm gonna send
in Zach and Zahida.
- [bleep]. What the?
I knew that was coming,
but I still think
it's ridiculous
that Amanda
and Zach's past drama
has been brought
into this game.
- Next up, Bananas.
- I don't think it's any big
surprise where my vote's going.
I hold grudges.
Hunter and Georgia.
- Next up, Cara.
- Well, I see Ashley
as a big threat in this game.
I think she's dangerous.
She's won two out of three
challenges she's been on,
and she's not on my side,
so my vote goes to Ashley.
- All right, so that's one vote
for Ashley and Chase,
one vote for Zach and Zahida,
and one vote for Hunter
and Georgia. Okay, Theo.
- Ashley and Chase.
- Morgan.
- Hunter and Georgia.
- Next up, Josh.
[tense music]
- I think that we all know
that it's been
really hard for me.
I walked in late to the game.
But I hope this person
can respect my decision,
and I'm gonna have to vote
in...Hunter and Georgia.
- All right, so Hunter
and Georgia,
put up or shut up time.
Come on down.
[cheers and applause]
- Okay, so Hunter and Georgia,
tonight,
you guys are gonna be
on the killing floor.
Now, we got to get you guys
some opponents.
You get to choose any team you
want except for the tribunal,
so everybody else
is up for grabs.
It all comes down to this.
- I've never been into an
elimination round right away,
but if I get called, then I'm
prepared to go down there.
This will definitely be
a rematch between Hunter and I.
- Josh had an opportunity
just then to show your colors,
and I think
you showed your card.
Amanda, I think you tried
to save a friend.
The only thing you dodged
was to get him sent in.
Chase and Ashley.
[cheers and applause]
- Hunter choosing Ashley
is huge.
She took 500,000 away
from this man.
Get her ass.
That's all I can say.
- Let's [bleep] go!
Whoo!
Hunter, Ashley, head to head.
Will Hunter get revenge
on Ashley
stealing half a million dollars
from him?
Will Ashley force Hunter
to never return to
"The Challenge" ever again?
You'll have to wait
to find out.
- So, Hunter and Georgia,
it all comes down to this.
Georgia,
Who are you gonna bring
into the killing floor
to battle it out for your right
to stay in this game?
- Chase and Ashley.
[cheers and applause]
- I know everyone wants to see
Hunter get is revenge on me.
That's fine. He can't get his
half a million dollars back.
That's for sure.
- I'm rooting for Hunter
and Georgia on this one.
I'm more working with Hunter
than I am Ashley.
Either way, it's a lose-lose
situation, but let me tell you,
this elimination is gonna
go down as an absolute classic.
- All right, so tonight,
you guys are playing
"Drone Ball Drop."
- What?
- Yeah.
A drone is gonna bring
a ball 30 feet in the air,
and it's gonna drop that ball.
You and your opponent are gonna
be hanging on to your goals.
When the ball hits the ground,
you're gonna race
and try and fetch
that ball as fast as you can.
Do whatever you've got to do
to get the ball and score.
We will alternate between
women's and men's rounds.
Whoever has the most goals
after three rounds
will win tonight's elimination
round and stay in the game.
The losers go home.
There is no redemption house.
You're going home with nothing.
All right?
So good luck, you guys.
[cheers and applause]
- This is pretty much
the scenario
that we were hoping for;
the two teams that we wanted
to go in are both going in.
Either way, the outcome's
gonna be amazing.
- I understand Hunter hates me
for what happened last year,
but if he would just use his
head instead of his muscles,
maybe he'd see that not only
does he have me to worry about.
He's got a whole house.
- I think it's gonna feel
pretty good to show Hunter
that he can't beat this girl.
We got this.
- I've won this before.
- We got this.
- I've already played this...
- Revenge is a dish
best served cold,
and I'm fixing to try to
get mine right now, a dish
that has about $500,000 on it.
- I think he's gonna absolutely
smash it. He's got heart.
He's got passion.
He knows how to play football.
We're not just playing
for the money.
Like, she [bleep] him over.
I know you can do this.
- It's my time to hurt
not only their chance
to win this million dollars,
but, you know,
any little bit of pride
or ego that Ashley has.
[indistinct shouting]
- All right, Ashley, Georgia,
you're up first.
- My biggest fear has always
been contact sports.
I've not wrestled in my life,
and Ashley looks like
a mean bitch. I'm scared.
- All right. Let's go, Georgia.
- Absolutely no one's cheering
for me besides Amanda,
and I am not surprised,
nor do I give a damn.
[tense music]
- Come on, Georgia.
Come on, baby. Come on.
♪ ♪
- Drone drops the ball.
Ashley catches it in midair
like she should be running
for the NFL, puts out
the Heisman, runs right past
Georgia, and dunks it in,
reminding everyone that
just because Ashley is toxic
and mean and steals money,
she's still one of
the best challengers ever.
- All right. Hunter and Chase,
you guys are up next.
- Come on, Hunter.
Go, Hunter! Go, boy! Go, boy!
Take him down! Take him down!
You've got this, my boy.
You've got this.
- Hey, let him
[inaudible], Chase.
Let him [inaudible], Chase.
[indistinct shouting]
[cheers and applause]
- This is the most
exhausting thing I've done
since I've been here.
Damn, Hunter,
you're a strong son of a bitch.
[cheers and applause]
- You beat him
to that ball, babe.
You beat him to that ball.
Sprint to that mother[bleep].
[cheers and applause]
- Get the [bleep] out of here!
She stole from me.
She stole from my family.
She stole from
my little sisters.
Let's go.
- I'm starting to realize
if I want to win this game,
I've got to get dirty too.
It's time to flip the roles.
[cheers and applause]
- Run, run, run, run,
run, run, run!
Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go!
Yeah, baby.
Let's [bleep] go!
- Georgia pulls off one of
the most epic upsets
in "Challenge" history.
Already rookie
of the year nominee.
- [inaudible].
- I guess now I have someone
who's already an enemy of mine
as an enemy back in the house.
I'm always swimming
against the tide.
- Yes!
I've been
a competitor my whole life,
and I've always had a chip
on my shoulder,
and that's the one thing
I could always be proud of,
was the [bleep] chip,
that dig deep inside
that nobody can beat you,
that you're the man,
and she took the money from
me,
but when she took that,
she took that chip,
that inner demon that
I've always had, and tonight...
- It's back.
- Tonight I got it back.
- I told you I was gonna
get it back for you.
- And now I got it back,
and I could not be happier.
- Hunter and Georgia getting
the job done tonight.
Congratulations.
[cheers and applause]
So, Hunter,
Ashley took your money.
You took her game.
Nice work, man.
- All right.
- That's still not fair.
- You just won
the previous season,
and then you got beat
by a rookie.
That's a hard pill
to swallow, champ.
I'ma go get you some water.
- So, Chase and Ashley,
you guys
are the first casualties
on the killing floor.
Take care of yourselves.
Have a good one.
- Good job.
- Well done, guys.
- So I'm going back into
this house without Ashley.
Now I don't have power.
I don't know
what's gonna happen,
but I just hope Hunter can
forgive us for voting him in.
[cheers and applause]
- Oh, Lord,
I just hate to lose.
Not only are we out
of the game now.
All of my alliances
are gonna be out of the game
on by one,'cause they don't
have a pot to piss in.
They're pretty much [bleep].
I'm [bleep].
I'm on my way back
to the States.
I'm pissed, but I'm sure
I'll be talking to Hunter
and Amanda pretty soon.
- I'm [bleep]. I think
that Hunter's gonna gun for me,
and he's not gonna forget this.
This guy holds a grudge,
and he's emotional as [bleep].
I'm in a really
messed up situation.
- All right, so,
Hunter, Georgia,
now the game is gonna get
switched up a little bit.
There's just
another little twist.
This is a relic.
Next on "The Challenge"...
- Kill each other!
[all shouting]
- If I go in, I'm gonna
[bleep] stab a bitch
in the [bleep] throat.
- I'm not scared.
You can come for me all you
want.
- I didn't see that coming.